Fix broken link (#38)
microsoft/electionguard: README.md

## 🚀 Getting Started

> ElectionGuard is always improving. To keep up with the latest, check our **[docs on GitHub](https://github.com/microsoft/electionguard/blob/main/docs/index.md)**. For developers looking to get started, we recommend the following repositories.

Author: ```suggestion
ElectionGuard is always improving. To keep up with the latest, check our **[GitHub Pages documentation](https://microsoft.github.io/electionguard)**. For developers looking to get started, we recommend the following repositories.
```
